---
title: Cookie Policy
description: Our cookie policy
slug: "cookies"
comments: false
---

Last updated: August 29, 2021

This **Cookie Policy** applies for the website https://www.drk.com.ar

EU legislation requires all website operators to inform website visitors about their usage of cookies and similar technologies, e.g. pixels, (hereinafter “cookies”) and to collect the user’s consent to such cookie usage.   

## Cookie Consent
If you visit our websites for the first time, you will see our Cookie Banner and, when you click on Cookies Settings, our Privacy Preference Center. Here you can execute choice and control over the cookies we drop on your device.   

## What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files which are sent to your device (computer, laptop, smartphone, tablet) by the website you visit. Cookies are stored on your device in your browser’s file directory. Your browser sends these cookies back to the website each time you revisit it so it can recognize your device and improve your user experience on each subsequent visit. Cookies allow us e.g. to tailor a website to better match your interests or to store your password so that you do not need to re-enter it every time.

Please note that certain functions of our website may no longer work or work not correctly without cookies.

If you want to learn more about cookies and how they work, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org or www.youronlinechoices.eu   

## Categories of cookies
Depending on their function and their intended purpose, cookies can be assigned to the following categories: strictly necessary cookies, performance cookies, functional cookies and targeting cookies.

## Strictly necessary cookies
Strictly necessary cookies are required to navigate our websites and operate basic website functions. Examples for strictly necessary cookies are login cookies, shopping cart cookies or cookies to remember your cookie settings. Without these cookies certain basic functionalities cannot be offered. Strictly necessary cookies are always active and will be placed without your consent.

To the extent that information processed in connection with strictly necessary cookies should qualify as personal data, the legal ground for that processing is drkbug’s legitimate interest to operate the website (Art. 6 (1) lit. (f) GDPR).

## Performance cookies
Performance cookies – aka analytics cookies - collect information on your usage of our websites. They identify e.g. your internet browser, operating system, visited websites, duration and number of website visits, previously visited website, most commonly visited websites and errors you experienced. The information collected is aggregated and anonymous. It does not allow a personal identification. It only serves the purpose of evaluating and enhancing the user experience of our websites.

To the extent that information processed in connection with performance cookies should qualify as personal data, the legal ground for that processing is your consent (Art. 6 (1) lit. (a) GDPR). 

## Functional cookies
Functional cookies enable a website to store information and options you have already previously entered (e.g. username, language settings, layout settings, contact preferences or your location) in order to offer you improved personalized functions. They are also used to enable requested functions, like playing videos.

To the extent that information processed in connection with functional cookies should qualify as personal data, the legal ground for that processing is your consent (Art. 6 (1) lit. (a) GDPR). 

## Targeting cookies
Targeting cookies – aka cookies for marketing purposes - are used to offer more relevant and interest-specific content to you, to limit the display frequency of ads and to measure the efficiency of an advertising campaign. They register if you have visited a promoted website or not, and which content you used. Such information may be shared with third parties, e.g. advertisers.

Legal basis for the processing of personal data in connection with targeting cookies (if any) is your consent (Art. 6 (1) lit. (a) GDPR).   

## Cookies we use on our website
Because our site includes third parties products, services and libraries, the total of cookies we use may vary. 

### Google products
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.

Google Analytics uses cookies to help analyse how the website is used. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.

We also use separate Google products similar to Analytics. These are Optimize, which is used to carry out tests to improve user experience, Tag Manager, which tracks actions on our site, and Search Console, to analyse website performance.

Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

### Twitter
Parts of this website use Twitter feeds, a micro-blogging platform by Twitter, Inc.

Twitter widgets may add third-party cookies – those not set directly by our site – to help analyse usage and remember your session if you are also logged in to the Twitter service. To that end, Twitter widgets may set all of the cookies that Google Analytics set and also:

| Name | Life | Purpose |
|---|---|---
|_twitter_sess | session | Remember your logged in Twitter session |

In addition, Twitter's Universal Website Tags allow us to specify actions you can take on our site (in the same way as AdWords Remarketing above).

Read the [Twitter Privacy Policy](https://twitter.com/privacy).

### YouTube
Parts of this website contain embedded videos from YouTube. Read the [YouTube Privacy Policy](http://www.youtube.com/t/privacy_at_youtube).

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this **Privacy Policy**, please contact us at webmaster@drk.com.ar